# DS-C9134

[Online Support Site](http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/storage-networking/mds-9134-multilayer-fabric-switch/model.html)

[Online Firmware Download](http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/storage-networking/mds-9134-multilayer-fabric-switch/model.html#~tab-downloads)

[Data Sheet](Docs\product_data_sheet0900aecd80692efd.pdf)

### Required tools:

- TFTP Server
- Console cable and USB to Serial connector

### Inventory:

- Console Cable

## I. Physical

Examine the chassis. Look for the following:

- Deep scratches
- Dents
- Problems with bezel
- Bent ports or connectors
- Missing screws
- Dirt or dust
- Leaking, bent, or otherwise defective components
- Rust
	
## II. Functional

**Kickstart image: m9100-s2ek9-kickstart-mz.5.2.8f.bin**

**Firmware: m9100-s2ek9-mz.5.2.8f.bin**

1. Connect the switch to a serial terminal with the settings 9600 8N1 via a USB-Serial adapter. Start a TFTP server with IP `10.0.0.45/24` and power the switch on.

1. Monitor the boot sequence. The switch should pass all tests and eventually display a prompt to configure the settings.

1. Create a default login account with username `admin` and password `admin` when prompted. If asked to enter the initial configuration dialog, answer with no.

1. Log in using the credentials you just created. The switch should respond with a prompt ending in `# `.

1. Enter the following:

	`configure terminal`
	
	`interface mgmt 0`
	
	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`
	
	`no shutdown`
	
	`end`

1. Enter `format bootflash:`. The switch will prompt you to confirm the action. Press Return and wait several moments until the format is complete.

1. Enter `copy tftp: bootflash:`. The source IP address should be entered as `10.0.0.45`. The source filename should be pasted in. Press Return for all other prompts and wait for the switch to download each new image.

1. Enter the following:

	`configure terminal`

	`boot kickstart m9200-s2ek9-kickstart-mz.6.2.9a.bin`

	`boot system m9200-s2ek9-mz.6.2.9a.bin`

	`end`

	`copy running-config startup-config`

1. Enter `erase startup-config` followed by `reload`. The switch will ask to confirm the reload. If asked to save the running configuration, answer with no.

1. The switch should pass all POST tests and eventually display a prompt to configure the settings.

1. Create a default login account with username `admin` and password `admin` when prompted. If asked to enter the initial configuration dialog, answer with no.

1. Log in using the credentials you just created. The switch should respond with a prompt ending in `# `.

1. Capture a `show tech-support > bootflash:(Serial Number).txt`.

1. Configure port mgmt 0 as before to transfer the output of the show tech-support to the tftp server.

1. Enter `copy bootflash: tftp:`, and input the correct file name and ip address when prompted. Delete the text file from flash after copying using `delete bootflash:[filename]`.  

1. Enter `reload` one last time. The switch can be powered off when it starts to reboot.

## III. Packing

1. Do a final cleaning of fingerprints and apply inventory and Network Craze stickers upon certification that the switch is fully complete.

	- Inventory stickers go as far to the upper left corner of the bottom of the switch as possible, (accounting for screws, indents, etc.) in the same orientation as the rest of the stickers.  Network Craze stickers go directly below inventory stickers aligned with the left edge of the inventory sticker.