# IE-3000-8TC Switch

[Online Support Site](http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/switches/ie-3000-8tc-industrial-ethernet-switch/model.html)

[Online Firmware Download](http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/switches/ie-3000-8tc-industrial-ethernet-switch/model.html#~tab-downloads)

[Data Sheet](Docs\data_sheet_c78-440930.pdf)

### Required tools:
- Cisco PWR-IE3000-AC Power Supply and spade-tip 3-wire AC cord
- TFTP Server
- Console cable and USB to Serial connector
- Screwdrivers
- Network Craze SFP

### Inventory:

- 1 x Console Cable

## I. Physical

  

### External

Examine the outside of the switch and the bezel  

Look for the following:

- Deep scratches

- Dents

- Bent ports

- SFP slot damage

- Serial stickers on rear of switch

- Missing screws

### Internal

Clean thoroughly with compressed air. Clean top, bezel, and underside of switch with number 1.

Look for the following:

- Dirt or dust

- Leaking, bent, or otherwise defective components

- Rust
	
## II. Functional

**Firmware: ies-ipservicesk9-mz.152-1.EY.bin**

1. Set the device up at a workstation.  Telnet into `10.0.0.201` port `701X` where `X` is the number of the workstation.

1. Power the switch on and monitor the terminal. Wait until the switch displays `Press RETURN to get started`.

1. Press Return. If asked to enter the initial configuration dialog, respond with no. The switch will display a prompt ending in `>`.

1. Enter `enable` and press Return. The prompt should change to `# `.

1. Enter `show post` and make sure all POST tests passed.

1. Enter `configure terminal`. The prompt should change to `(config)# `.

1. Enter the following:

	`interface GigabitEthernet 1/1`

	`spanning-tree portfast`

	`interface vlan 1`

	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`

	`no shutdown`

	`end`

1. Enter `format flash:`. The switch will prompt you to confirm the action. Press Return and wait several moments until the format is complete.

1. Enter `copy tftp flash`. The source IP address should be entered as `10.0.0.45`. The source filename should be pasted in. Press Return for all other prompts and wait for the switch to download the new image.

1. Enter `show flash` to confirm the firmware copied correctly.

1. After the download is complete, enter the following:

	`configure terminal`

	`boot system flash:ies-ipservicesk9-mz.152-1.EY.bin`

	`end`

	`copy running-config startup-config`

1. Enter `erase startup-config` followed by `reload`. The switch will ask to confirm the reload. If asked to save the running configuration, answer with no.

1. The switch should pass all POST tests and eventually display `Press RETURN to get started`.

1. Press Return. If asked to enter the initial configuration dialog, respond with no. The switch will display a prompt ending in `>`.

1. Enter `enable` and press Return. The prompt should change to `# `.

1. Repeat configuration for all ports to get the switch ready for port testing.  Use the following commands:

	`interface range FastEthernet 1/1 -8`

	`spanning-tree portfast`

	`interface range GigabitEthernet 1/1 -2`

	`spanning-tree portfast`

	`interface vlan 1`

	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`

	`no shutdown`

	`end`

1. Ping each port from a command prompt **(cmd.exe in Windows)** with <1500 bytes.  Use the command `ping -t -l 1200 10.0.0.1` in Windows.  Use a Network Craze SFP to test the SFP ports.

1. After all ports are tested, enter `erase startup-config` and confirm the action when prompted.  Enter `reload`.  Unplug any ethernet cables used for testing.  When the switch reboots, capture a `show tech-support | redirect flash:(Serial Number).txt`.  

1. Configure port 1 as before to transfer the output of the show tech-support to the tftp server.

1. Enter `copy flash tftp`, and input the correct file name and ip address when prompted.  Delete the text file from flash after copying using `delete flash:(filename)`.  

1. Enter `erase startup-config` and `reload` one last time.  The switch can be unplugged when it starts to reboot. 

## III. Packing

1. Do a final cleaning of fingerprints and apply inventory and Network Craze stickers upon certification that the switch is fully complete.

	- Inventory stickers go as far to the upper left corner of the left side of the switch as possible, (accounting for screws, indents, etc.) in the same orientation as the rest of the stickers.  Network Craze stickers go directly below inventory stickers aligned with the left edge of the inventory sticker.
	
1. Seal switch in anti-static bag to be packed for shipping.