# ME-3600X-24FS-M

[Online Support Site](https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/switches/me-3600x-24fs-m-switch/model.html)

[Online Firmware Download](https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/switches/me-3600x-24fs-m-switch/model.html#~tab-downloads)

[Data Sheet](Docs\data_sheet_c78-601946.pdf)

### Required tools:

- TFTP Server
- Console cable and USB to Serial connector
- Screwdrivers
- Network Craze SFP

### Inventory:

[Cisco 3600X Switch Kit](Cisco_3600x_kit.md)

- 1 x PWR-ME3KX-AC Power Supply (minimum)
- 1 x ME-FANTRAY Fan tray (if only 1 power supply installed)

## I. Physical

Paint: The paint color for this switch is called "Navastar" on its swatch.

### External

Examine the outside of the switch and the bezel. If the top of the switch is scratched, remove and send to paint.  

Look for the following:

- Deep scratches

- Dents

- Bent ports

- Damaged blank

- Serial stickers on top of switch

- Missing screws

### Internal

**Note: Always hold fans in place while blowing air through them.**

Remove top and examine the inside of the switch. Clean thoroughly with compressed air. When the top is back on, clean top, bezel, and underside of switch with number 

Look for the following:

- Dirt or dust

- Leaking, bent, or otherwise defective components

- Rust

- Pay particular attention to all fans
	
## II. Functional

**Firmware: me360x-universalk9-tar.155-3.S3.tar**

1. Connect the switch to a serial terminal with the settings 9600 8N1 via a USB-Serial adapter. Start a TFTP server with IP `10.0.0.45/24`.

1. Power the switch on and monitor the terminal. The switch should pass all POST tests and eventually display `Press RETURN to get started`.

1. Press Return. If asked to enter the initial configuration dialog, respond with no. The switch will display a prompt ending in `>`.

1. Enter `enable` and press Return. The prompt should change to `# `.

1. Enter `show post` and make sure all POST tests passed. 

1. Enter `show inventory` to check the power supply.

1. Enter the following:

	`configure terminal`

	`vlan 45`

	`interface vlan 45`

	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`

	`no shutdown`

	`interface GigabitEthernet 0/1`

	`switchport acess vlan 45`

	`spanning-tree portfast`

	`no shutdown`

	`end`

1. Enter `format flash:`. The switch will prompt you to confirm the action. Press Return and wait several moments until the format is complete.

1. Enter `archive download-sw tftp://[URL]`. The source IP address should be entered as `10.0.0.45`. The source filename should be pasted in. Press Return and wait for the switch to download the new image.

1. Enter `show flash` to confirm the firmware copied correctly.

1. After the download is complete, enter `erase startup-config` followed by `reload`. The switch will ask to confirm the reload. If asked to save the running configuration, answer with no.

1. The switch should pass all POST tests and eventually display `Press RETURN to get started`.

1. Press Return. If asked to enter the initial configuration dialog, respond with no. The switch will display a prompt ending in `>`.

1. Enter `enable` and press Return. The prompt should change to `# `.

1. Repeat configuration steps 6-8 for all ports to get the switch ready for port testing. Use the following commands:

	`configure terminal`

	`interface range GigabitEthernet 0/1 - 24`

	`spanning-tree portfast`

	`interface range TenGigabitEthernet 0/1 -2`

	`spanning-tree portfast`

	`interface vlan 1`

	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`

	`no shutdown`

	`end`

1. Ping each port from a command prompt **(cmd.exe in Windows)** with <1500 bytes. Use the command `ping -t -l 1200 10.0.0.1` in Windows. Use a fiber SFP to check the SFP slots.

1. After all ports are tested, enter `erase startup-config` and confirm the action when prompted. Enter `reload`. Unplug any ethernet cables used for testing. When the switch reboots, capture a `show tech-support | redirect flash:(Serial Number).txt`.  

1. Enter `copy flash tftp`, and input the correct file name and ip address when prompted. Delete the text file from flash after copying using `delete flash:(filename)`.  

1. Enter `erase startup-config` and `reload` one last time. The switch can be unplugged when it starts to reboot. 

## III. Packing

1. Do a final cleaning of fingerprints and apply inventory and Network Craze stickers upon certification that the switch is fully complete. Include the correct kit.

	- Inventory stickers go as far to the upper left corner of the bottom of the switch as possible, (accounting for screws, indents, etc.) in the same orientation as the rest of the stickers. Network Craze stickers go directly below inventory stickers aligned with the left edge of the inventory sticker.

1. Seal switch in anti-static bag to be packed for shipping.
