# IEM-3000-4PC Expansion Module

[Data Sheet](Docs\data_sheet_c78-440930.pdf)

### Required tools:
- Cisco PWR-IE65W-PC-AC Power Supply and spade-tip 3-wire AC cord
- 2 x copper wire for DC power connection
- IE 3000 series testing switch
- PoE Tester

### Inventory:

No additional items are included with this module.

## I. Physical

  

### External

Examine the outside of the module and the bezel  

Look for the following:

- Deep scratches

- Dents

- Bent ports

- Serial stickers on rear of module

- Missing screws

### Internal

Clean thoroughly with compressed air. Clean top, bezel, and underside of module with number 1.

Look for the following:

- Dirt or dust

- Leaking, bent, or otherwise defective components

- Rust
	
## II. Functional

1. Connect the module to the expansion port of the testing switch (located under a plastic panel on the right side of the switch), and connect the module to its power supply.

1. Power on the switch, then the expansion module. Wait until the switch displays `Press RETURN to get started`.

1. Press Return. If asked to enter the initial configuration dialog, respond with no. The switch will display a prompt ending in `>`.

1. Enter `enable` and press Return. The prompt should change to `# `.

1. Enter `configure terminal`. The prompt should change to `(config)# `.

1. Enter the following:

	`interface range FastEthernet 2/1 -4`

	`spanning-tree portfast`

	`interface vlan 1`

	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`

	`no shutdown`

	`end`

1. Ping each port from a command prompt **(cmd.exe in Windows)** with <1500 bytes.  Use the command `ping -t -l 1200 10.0.0.1` in Windows.  Also test each port using the PoE tester.

1. After all ports are tested, unplug the switch, then the module.

## III. Packing

1. Do a final cleaning of fingerprints.
	
1. Seal module in anti-static bag and pack in a large phone box. Include a warranty sticker loose in the bag.