# Cisco SG300-10P Switch

[Online Support Site](http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/switches/sg300-10p-10-port-gigabit-poe-managed-switch/model.html)

[Online Firmware Download](http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/switches/sg300-10p-10-port-gigabit-poe-managed-switch/model.html#~tab-downloads)

[Data Sheet](Docs\data_sheet_c78-610061.pdf)

### Required tools:
- TFTP Server
- Straight-through cable and USB to Serial connector
- Screwdrivers
- PoE Tester
- Network Craze SFP

### Inventory:

[Cisco SG300 Switch Kit](Cisco_sg300_kit.md)

## I. Physical
  

### External

Examine the outside of the switch and the bezel. If the top of the switch is scratched, remove and send to paint.  

Look for the following:

- Deep scratches

- Dents

- Bent ports

- SFP slot damage

- Serial stickers on rear of switch

- Missing screws

### Internal

**Note: Always hold fans in place while blowing air through them.**

Remove top and examine the inside of the switch. Clean thoroughly with compressed air. When the top is back on, clean top, bezel, and underside of switch with number 

Look for the following:

- Dirt or dust

- Leaking, bent, or otherwise defective components

- Rust

- Pay particular attention to all fans
	
## II. Functional

**Firmware: sx300_fw-1424.ros**

**BootROM: sx300_boot-13506.rfb**

1. Connect the switch to a serial terminal with the settings 115200 8N1 via a USB-Serial adapter.  Start a TFTP server with IP `10.0.0.45/24`.

1. Power the switch on and monitor the terminal. Note the value of the line beginning with `Decompressing image from`. The switch should pass all POST tests and eventually display `User Name:`.

1. Press Return twice and log in with default username `cisco` and default password `cisco`. The switch will display a prompt ending in `# `. 

1. Enter `show version` and note the software and BootROM versions.

1. Enter the following:

	`configure terminal`

	`interface vlan 1` 

	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`

1. The switch will ask you to confirm the IP configuration. Respond with yes.

1. Enter `end`, followed by `copy tftp://10.0.0.45/sx300_fw-14502.ros image`. The switch will download the new software to the inactive image in Flash.

1. If the BootROM needs to be upgraded, enter `copy tftp://10.0.0.45/sx300_boot-13506.rfb boot`. The switch will download the new BootROM to Flash.

1. Enter `boot system (image)`, using the opposite of the value noted during the initial startup.

1. Enter `delete startup-config` and confirm the action, followed by `reload`. The switch will ask to confirm the reload. If asked to save the running configuration, answer with no.

1. The switch should pass all POST tests and eventually display `User Name:`.

1. Press Return twice and log in with default username `cisco` and default password `cisco`. The switch will display a prompt ending in `# `.

1. Enter the following:

	`configure terminal`

	`interface vlan 1` 

	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`

1. The switch will ask you to confirm the IP configuration. Respond with yes.

1. Enter `end`, followed by `copy tftp://10.0.0.45/sx300_fw-14502.ros image`. The switch will download the new software to the inactive image in Flash.

1. Ping each port from a command prompt **(cmd.exe in Windows)** with <1500 bytes.  Use the command `ping -t -l 1200 10.0.0.1`. Use a Network Craze SFP to test all SFP slots. Use the PoE tester to test PoE on all ports.

1. After all ports are tested, enter `delete startup-config` and confirm the action when prompted.  Enter `reload` and confirm the action.  Unplug any ethernet cables used for testing.  When the switch reboots, capture a `show tech-support` using your serial terminal.   

1. Enter `delete startup-config` and `reload` one last time.  The switch can be unplugged when it starts to reboot.

# III. Packing

1. Do a final cleaning of fingerprints and apply inventory and Network Craze stickers upon certification that the switch is fully complete. Include the correct kit as listed above.

	- Inventory stickers go as far to the upper left corner of the bottom of the switch as possible, (accounting for screws, indents, etc.) in the same orientation as the rest of the stickers.  Network Craze stickers go directly below inventory stickers aligned with the left edge of the inventory sticker.

1. Seal switch in anti-static bag to be packed for shipping.