# CP-7925G-A-K9

[Online Support Site](http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/collaboration-endpoints/unified-wireless-ip-phone-7925g/model.html)

[Online Firmware Download](http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/collaboration-endpoints/unified-wireless-ip-phone-7925g/model.html#~tab-downloads)

[Data Sheet](Docs\data_sheet_c78-504890.pdf)

### Required tools:

- USB-A to Mini-USB-B cable OR Mini-USB-B AC adapter
- Testing Access Point, connected to the Cisco CM System

## I. Physical

Examine the phone visually. Look for the following:

- Deep scratches

- Worn keys

- Battery cover

- The charger port cover may be missing, this is acceptable.


## II. Functional

1. Connect the Testing AP to the Cisco CM system and wait for the AP to boot - its light will turn solid green.

1. Plug in the phone and ensure that the display is functional. Power on the phone by holding the power key.

1. The phone will boot and may connect to the Testing AP automatically. If it does not, press Down Arrow > Phone Settings > `**2` and confirm the factory reset. When the phone connects to the Testing AP, it may update its firmware. Wait for the phone to become fully booted and registered to the Cisco CM system.

1. Place a test call between the phone and a testing phone to verify microphone, earpiece, and ringer functionality.

1. From the main screen, press Down Arrow > Phone Settings > Diagnostics.

1. Perform the Button Diagnostic, Audio Diagnostic, and Wireless Diagnostic to ensure functionality of all keys, microphone, speaker, and wireless radio.

1. Return to the Phone Settings menu, enter `**2` and confirm the factory reset. Wait for the phone screen to turn white, then unplug.