# N5K-C5548UP-FA

### Required tools:

- Nexus 5500 Series Switch
- 2 x Fiber SFPs

### Inventory:

## I. Physical

Examine the module. Look for the following:

- Deep scratches
- Dents
- Problems with bezel
- Bent ports or connectors
- Dirt or dust
- Leaking, bent, or otherwise defective components
- Rust
	
## II. Functional

1. Set up the Nexus 5500 series switch at a station.  Telnet into `10.0.0.201` port `201X` where `X` is the number of the station.

1. Log in to the switch and insert the module.

1. Capture the output of `show module 2` and `show diagnostics result module 2` when the module status has changed to `ok` using your terminal in the format `<serial number>-diags.txt`.

1. Configure the switch for testing as follows:

	`configure terminal`

	`feature interface-vlan`

	`interface vlan 45`

	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`

	`no shutdown`

	`management`

	`exit`

	`vlan 45`

	`exit`

	`interface Eth2/1 - 16`

	`speed 1000`

	`switchport`

	`switchport mode access`

	`switchport access vlan 45`

	`end`

1. Use a fiber SFP to ping each port from a command prompt **(cmd.exe in Windows)** with <1500 bytes.  Use the command `ping -t -l 1200 10.0.0.1` in Windows.

1. The module can be removed and certified.

## III. Packing

1. Do a final cleaning of fingerprints and apply inventory and Network Craze stickers upon certification that the module is fully complete.

	- Inventory stickers go as far to the upper left corner of the bottom of the module as possible, (accounting for screws, indents, etc.) in the same orientation as the rest of the stickers.  Network Craze stickers go directly below inventory stickers aligned with the left edge of the inventory sticker.