# DS-C9148-16P-K9

[Online Support Site](https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/storage-networking/mds-9148-multilayer-fabric-switch/model.html)

[Online Firmware Download](https://software.cisco.com/download/type.html?mdfid=282867260&catid=null)

[Data Sheet](Docs\data_sheet_c78-571411.pdf)

### Required tools:

- FTP Server

## I. Physical

Examine the chassis. Look for the following:

- Deep scratches
- Dents
- Problems with bezel
- Bent ports or connectors
- Missing screws
- Dirt or dust
- Leaking, bent, or otherwise defective components
- Rust
	
## II. Functional

**Kickstart image: m9100-s3ek9-kickstart-mz.5.2.8g.bin**

**Firmware: m9100-s3ek9-mz.5.2.8g.bin**

1. Set the switch up at a workstation.  Telnet into `10.0.0.201` port `701X` where `X` is the number of the workstation.

1. Monitor the boot sequence. The switch should pass all tests and eventually display a prompt to configure the settings.

1. When prompted with `Do you want to enforce secure password standard (yes/no) [y]:` answer `no`.

1. Create a default login account with username `admin` and password `admin` when prompted. If asked to enter the initial configuration dialog, answer with no.

1. Log in using the credentials you just created. The switch should respond with a prompt ending in `# `.

1. Enter the following:

	`configure terminal`
	
	`interface mgmt 0`
	
	`ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`
	
	`no shutdown`
	
	`end`

1. Enter `format bootflash:`. The switch will prompt you to confirm the action. Press Return and wait several moments until the format is complete.

1. Enter `copy ftp://ftpuser:ftp123!@10.0.0.45/m9100-s3ek9-kickstart-mz.5.2.8g.bin bootflash:`

1. Enter `copy ftp://ftpuser:ftp123!@10.0.0.45/m9100-s3ek9-mz.5.2.8g.bin bootflash:`

1. Enter the following:

	`configure terminal`
	
	`interface mgmt 0`
	
	`no ip address 10.0.0.1 255.255.255.0`
	
	`shutdown`
	
	`end`

1. Enter the following:

	`install all kickstart bootflash:m9100-s3ek9-mz.5.2.8g.bin system bootflash:m9100-s3ek9-kickstart-mz.5.2.8g.bin`

1. Enter `write erase` followed by `reload`. The switch will ask to confirm the reload. If asked to save the running configuration, answer with no.

1. The switch should pass all POST tests and eventually display a prompt to configure the settings.

1. Create a default login account with username `admin` and password `admin` when prompted. If asked to enter the initial configuration dialog, answer with no.

1. Log in using the credentials you just created. The switch should respond with a prompt ending in `# `.

1. Enter `show install all status` to confirm the software installation is successful.

1. Capture a `show tech-support > bootflash:(Serial Number).txt`.

1. Configure port mgmt 0 as before to transfer the output of the show tech-support to the ftp server.

1. Enter `copy bootflash: ftp://ftpuser:ftp123!@10.0.0.45`, and input the correct file name when prompted. Delete the text file from flash after copying using `delete bootflash:[filename]`.  

1. To test each port, insert a fiber channel SFP into each port and enter `show interface transceiver` to ensure the SFP is recognized.

1. When port testing is complete, enter `reload` one last time. The switch can be powered off when it starts to reboot.

## III. Packing

1. Do a final cleaning of fingerprints and apply inventory and Network Craze stickers upon certification that the switch is fully complete.

	- Stickers align with the rest of the stickers on the top of the switch, with the Network Craze sticker aligned underneath and with the left side of the inventory sticker.